GALLERY
You have entered the art gallery, it is full of a bunch of
paintings from prestigious artists from across history.
There is some sort of dinosaur skeleton exhibit with a loose bone.
There is a bathroom in the back corner next to a door with
the nameplate "BACK ROOM". There is also a grand door leading to
the showcase. A small corgi rushes up to greet you. It has a key in
its mouth and has the name Finn on its collar.
END
BATHROOM
You have entered a bathroom. It definitely has seemed like it
has seen cleaner days. You hear a man in a stall grumbling to himself.
There is a large mirror on the wall.
END
BACK ROOM
You are in a back room full of boxes and dust! The shelves
are stocked full of cleaning supplies and replacement toilet paper.
You can see something shining through a rusty grate in the middle of the
floor. A young adult woman with red poofy hair pops awake at you entering.
Her nametag reads "CHLOE".
END
OUTSIDE
You are outside the art museum. There is a long stairway up
to the front doors leading to the entryway. There is an odd man in a business suit and clown
mask with a sour look and looking at his phone. There are also some
hammers and other tools on the ground that must have been left there by
some workers when the gallery was being renovated. Some scaffolding leads
up to an exhaust vent.
END
ENTRYWAY
You enter the entryway, which has a few doors, one that says
"Security Room" and one that says "Admin Office" the admin office
seems to be locked by a card reader. A guard stands next to a door that
leads to the gallery. There is a cheap vending machine in the corner.
END
CORRIDOR
You reach a short corridor and see the secret room, this must
be where they are keeping the painting! However you notice a blinking
device on the wall. You know better than to proceed before defusing this
obvious trap.
END
SECRET ROOM
At last you are in the same room as the fabled Roly Poly
Formuoli! You appear to have bested the last of the museums defenses!
END
SECURITY ROOM
You pop into the security office of the museum, there doesn't
appear to be any guards in at the moment, luckily. There is a table with
a knife, some laxatives, and an ice cream that surprisingly isn't melting?
There is also a security console with cameras overlooking the art with a
panel to input some sort of code.
END
ADMIN OFFICE
You enter the admin office and you see some hairspray and a
paper with some sort of access codes on it. As well there is Natalia in the room.
Did not think that one through! She is completely focused on her phone.
Maybe you can explain your way out of this?
END
SHOWCASE
You enter the grand showcase showing off the Roly Poly
Formuoli! But to a trained eye you can tell that it is in fact fake due to
the cheap flimsy paper (easily torn, cut or ripped) it is printed on. The
real painting is hidden somewhere! There are security cameras covering every corner.
From your research you know that these are remotely monitored by the local police
department.
END
VENT
You enter the open vent. It is rather dusty in here. You
notice a room ahead with security guard uniforms. That must be the
security room! You also notice a powerful magnet stuck to the metal wall.
END
FINN
Woof! (Well howdy, fancy meeting you! I grabbed this bone
but it seems too hard to chew on. I'm too stubborn to give it up, though)
END
TOILET MAN
Oh geez buddy you came just at the right time! This is...uh...
a bit embarrassing but I just happened to notice there's no toilet
paper in here. Don't suppose you have any to lend a man in trying times?
END
MASKED MAN
Geez how can those guys be late every time, I have no idea
how i'm going to steal this pain- oh hey there b-buddy! You weren't
listenin' to me just now were ya? Well forget about it. Gee it sure is hot
out here though, could really use something to cool me down.
END
CHLOE
H-Hi there! I didn't expect anyone else to be working today!
I'm new so I haven't gotten the chance to see too many other workers!
Um hey if I can ask a favor, sooo I need to go clean the Ladies' washroom
but the plunger is in the Men's. I saw someone go in there a long time ago
and its been over an hour- gee I sure hope he's okay. Can you go in there
and look for it for me?
END
GUARD
Welcome to our lovely art gallery here. Now don't go trying
any funny business! I hear there is an art thief planning to come here!
END
NATALIA
"Hey uh, I can explai-" "Yeah listen, love, I'm very busy
here so can you keep it down. Just take whatever you need and leave"
(I guess she won't be an issue.)
END
